Hi, everyone.
So here is the most important part of death mask, right?
So as we know that with mass, we convert factorial type solutions into to race to the power and depth
solution basically and factorial will reduce down to two days to devour it.
And how will this happen?
So for this, we need to deep dive a little bit, but it's very easy to understand, right?
So we all know that N Pictorial is always very, very, very great adding to this to the power.
And why?
Because, you know, to deal what's happening, it is one into two, into three into four into five
and so on eight.
But what about two destructive power?
And it is always in two.
So here you can see it is going into three into four into five.
This is always going in to eight.
So and factorial is a series which will be like, you know, going off in a very high more than exponential
rate.
So this factorial thing is we always say that exponential is this right.
But factorial have this they have a higher slope.
Cool.
So here we can see there.
And Vector is very, very eager to get into this power in, for example, 16 factory, right.
So 16 for effect will be around ten is double 14 or 15 maybe I'm right.
But what about rest of the about 16?
It will be around to this ten.
It's about four or five maybe.
Correct.
So you can see that the huge difference between factories and powers rate exponential.
Let's see why this difference come in.
How is the pivot bit mass working here?
Right.
So this is important.
If you can this this will help you a lot in future problems that will solve.
So it you can see I am writing a number called 16 sorry, 15.
So this is a binary of 15, right?
So if this is a binary of 15, how can this 15 be made?
This 15 can come from in 0111.
That means I add the last one.
You.
Correct.
Dystrophin can be made from 101.
One can be made from 1101 and also can be made from 1110.
Correct.
That means I'm just removing one one of the 16.
So how many different possibilities I have if I remove just one one of the 16, I leave all possibilities
later here.
I'm just multiplying things by four because it has four, which I'm removing each once.
Now similarly, just remove their bits by one.
So I let three possibilities.
That is 00110101 and 0110.
Correct.
Similarly for this, what we will have will have 0011.
The second one will be 1001 and third one will be 1010.
Similarly, we'll have three possibilities for this and three possibilities for this.
Each I'm not listing all of them.
Now, here you can see I have multiplied the number of branches by three.
That means from 16.
I came to four different numbers.
Then I came to three different.
So it is four and two, three, 12.
Rachel here you can see, will have 12 different states.
Correct.
Now, let's further break it down to just break down two of them.
Or if needed, we can be more also.
Okay.
So here you can you will see that these guys, all these guys will have a little bit to trade.
So if they're only two bits we just said.
So I'll just get.
Two different parts.
If I just remove one from them so I get 00010010.
Similarly for this one delegate zero, I'll get only two, not three.
Yeah.
00100100.
Correct.
Similarly, some fuel for this also will will have to for all of them.
And let me just add, I did 0010 and 1000.
Cool.
So here there's an important thing that I want to show you, that there are some states which are rebuilding.
You can easily see that right here.
And so you will see that there are some states which are repeating, I'm removing first and then I'm
removing second bit.
Right.
Or I remove the second word and then I remove the phosphate.
Both of them are same rate.
Just the automakers.
Correct.
So that's what's happening here.
So instead of any victory, we are going to restore the power.
And how?
Because here you can see we have tried four different possibilities.
Here we are tried three different possibilities.
Here we have tried two different possibilities.
And later we will try one different possibility that there is nothing.
But if I remove their bridge, they all will end up to zero.
Right?
So they have.
So what is this?
This is.
Or factorial.
Correct.
So here you can see I'm trying all possible possibilities, which are all for bacterial possibilities.
But there are some states which are attributing.
Rebuilding states.
And what is this thing called?
Overlapping sub problems?
Correct.
So just you tell it.
How many?
How many different states are there total in this?
Three.
How many different states are there?
Industry?
I'm starting from 16 and I'm always moving.
One bit.
It means I'm moving towards zero.
Right?
So the number of states, the total states will be from 0 to 50.
Correct.
So how many states are there?
How many distinct how many unique states are there?
There are two Race to the power and states from 0 to 50.
Correct.
So if there are only two race to the power and states, that means if our memories all these states,
that means I don't calculate them again and again.
That means I memorize four overlapping problems.
Right.
Because you can see that the three of 0011 or the 0011.
This tree.
Will it be same for both these values because they're the same value and I'm removing the ones I'm trying
out all different possibilities.
So if I'm with them, I will not be calculating.
All in Victorian states I'll be only calculating to raise the dividend state because there are two reasons
about investing states.
Correct.
So the tree is going in Victoria, but the listing states that.
Doing is pretty boring.
So this was very important to understand and this is actually what's happening from the beginning of
the course state that we now have many states, but with few memories.
It will reduce the state because the number of unique states are are less good.
So thank you, everyone.
Look in the next part of this section.